Well we are very happy with our first web page as we should be.
It's hard to miss an error message by the life server in the very bottom of the screen.
So there has to be something missing in our page.
Now that something is a proper age the email structure.
So let's take another quick pit stop in the slide wheel to discuss that.
You see all age normal elements follow the same basic structure so that the browser that renders the
file knows what to do at the very top.
We have a dog type declaration that tells the browser what age the animal version of the page is written.
The doctor you see in the slide corresponds to the latest version of the email which is HDMI 5.
Next we have h the email root element that will wrap all our code in the page and will always contain
one had element and one body element.
And notice however things kind of sandwich nested inside each the animal element by the way.
That is really important.
And we'll discuss that in more detail once we head back to texter after each their root element.
We have reached the animal head element that will contain information about the page.
Like for example page title page metadata and links to external resources like CSI style sheets and
JavaScript files content within the header element will not be visible on the page that is being rendered
and with your permission I would like to hold off on covering head element content in any more detail
because at this point in time we have more important business to attend in short head element will contain
information about the page and will not be visible on the page that is being rendered.
Now body element is whole another ballgame because this is where we'll do all of our work like adding
headings paragraphs links and basically creating our fantastic webpage.
Now that we know the basics of HCM or page structure let's implement it.
In our first web page.